---
layout: post
title: "IntelliJ Rust Changelog #89"
date: 2018-12-25 21:41:58 +0300
---

This is the latest release in this year.

We are very happy that the number of our users is constantly growing.
Also great thanks for our contributors -
now more than one hundred people participated in the improvement of intellij-rust. Thank you!
Hope that next year will be even better than this one!

Happy New Year! :christmas_tree: :santa: :bell: :sparkles: :star2: :fireworks:

## New Features

* Implement name resolution for module declaration [without `mod.rs`](https://rust-lang-nursery.github.io/edition-guide/rust-2018/module-system/path-clarity.html#no-more-modrs)

* Support import of macros with `use` items and new macro call syntax.
See [tracking issue](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/50911/) for more details

* Correctly parse `async` and `try` keywords

* Provide support of multiline todo comments for Rust and Toml

* Highlight usages of unsafe code. It should allow you to correctly understand
what piece of code in `unsafe` function or block is really unsafe (by [@garyttierney])

  {% include gif-img.html path="/assets/posts/changelog-89/highlight-unsafe-code" w="700px" %}

* Support positional fields in struct literals

* Allow expanding `Command` input field in `Cargo Command` run configuration

* Improve `Add missing fields` quick fix: support more types which can be automatically substituted,
and use more convenient for changes default values for `Vec` and `String` types (by [@vlad20012] & [@webdesus])

* Rework name resolution for field shorthand in struct literals.
Now it refers to both: variable and struct’s field

## Fixes

* Fix false positive error annotations for struct literals and arrays produced by move analysis

* Do not disable `Refresh Cargo project` button for a correct project

* Improve `Remove curly braces` intention. Now it correctly processes `use` items with aliases

* Format `if` expressions correctly

* Correctly perform name resolution for complex `use` items like {% raw %}`use {{foo::{{bar}}}}`{% endraw %}

* Fix brace completion before `]`

## Internal Improvements

* Initial support of 2019.1 platform

* Update IDEA, CLion, Kotlin & Gradle



[@garyttierney]: https://github.com/garyttierney
[@vlad20012]: https://github.com/vlad20012
[@webdesus]: https://github.com/webdesus
