---
layout: post
title: "IntelliJ Rust Changelog #92"
date: 2019-02-14 13:40:37 +0300
---


## New Features

* Suggest items that are not in scope while completion.
Now you don't need to remember where the necessary item is located and even the precise name of this item.
You just need to start typing item’s name and then select it from a suggested list.
The corresponding `extern crate` and `use` items will be inserted automatically [gif](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2539310/52750735-20342e00-2ffe-11e9-9caa-8b38209ceb36.gif).
Special thanks to [@Riateche] for trying a nightly version of this feature and the corresponding feedback.
It helped us to find out and fix some bugs before this release

* Show `Use of possibly uninitialized variable` annotation

* Make various improvements of `cargo check` external annotator:
  * Show progress indicator when `cargo check` is running
  * Don't provide outdated or duplicate errors
  * Introduce `Toggle Cargo check` action to quickly enable/disable `cargo check` annotator
  * Take into account `Offline mode` setting

* Add new formatters for GDB. They support rendering of `Rc`, `Arc`, `Cell` and `RefCell` structs
in addition to standard formatters provided by `rustup`. Also, they should fix some bugs in string displaying [gif](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2539310/52784755-39bd9000-3067-11e9-91c9-87536cd510a1.gif).
You can disable them or switch to default ones in
`Preferences | Build, Execution, Deployment | Debugger | Data Views | Rust`

* Support type inference for `async` blocks, functions and lambdas

* Add quick fix to create lifetime parameter from usage [gif](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2539310/52750616-d1869400-2ffd-11e9-85c7-ee3a382cded4.gif) (by [@sirgl])

* Provide `dbg` postfix completion [gif](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2539310/52471629-63c40d80-2ba2-11e9-9227-a47da53e29bb.gif)

* Allow installing `clippy` from IDE if it's not installed.
In case if you don’t have `clippy`, the plugin will suggest to install it in one click, when you launch `Run clippy` action

* Infer type of box expressions like `box Foo` and box patterns like `let Foo { box x } = expr`

* Show `Experimental feature` error annotations for [`irrefutable let patterns`](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/blob/master/text/2086-allow-if-let-irrefutables.md),
`box expression` and `box patterns` features

* Implement special support for `Serialize`, `Deserialize` and `Fail` traits
from [`serde`](https://crates.io/crates/serde) and [`failure`](https://crates.io/crates/failure) crates respectively.
Now they can be correctly resolved and suggested in `derive` attribute.

* Support focus mode for Rust files

## Fixes

* Prevent showing annoying `File not found for module` error annotation for incomplete code

* Various `Auto Import` quick fix improvements:
  * Do not provide the quick fix for names which are already in scope. It's mostly helpful
   when an item is already imported but cannot be resolved because code is incomplete (like `let map = HashMap`)
  * Correctly import items re-exported via `use` item with a wildcard like `pub use core::future::*` 
  * Make the quick fix works for paths with type params like `let map = HashMap::<i32, i32>`
  * Do not suggest to import the same trait several times when the quick fix is available for trait method.
   It also improves name resolution of trait methods in cases when the corresponding trait is not in scope.
  
* Slightly improve completion performance   

* Improve type inference of patterns in `for`, `while let` and `if let` expressions

* Allow extracting a function from a single expression

* Macro expansion improvements:
  * `show macro expansion` action shows error balloon if it failed to expand macro
  * Expand macros in statement context
  * Correctly expand macro with `$crate` metavar inside a group
  * Support keywords as metavar names

* Save all documents before running any external process from a run configuration.
It should prevent invoking cargo on outdated sources

* Provide proper documentation link for renamed dependencies in `Cargo.toml` (by [@bc-lee])

* Do not show extra line markers after a syntax error

* Improve parsing of `async` functions and `use` items

* Provide `New | Rust file` action only inside Cargo project directory

## Internal Improvements

* Update IDEA, CLion, gradle & kotlin

* Update kotlin language and API versions to 1.3.
So now it's possible to use all new features from kotlin 1.3 for the plugin implementation




[@Riateche]: https://github.com/Riateche
[@bc-lee]: https://github.com/bc-lee
[@sirgl]: https://github.com/sirgl
